hey tell me awful things you know I love
it when you can't get ready this video
is for Christians only blood of Christ
shed for you oh I didn't have any wine
but I was really sick a few weeks ago
and I couldn't poop so I bought some
prune juice so that's all I have in the
house wait a minute I have the perfect
shirt for this Christian meme yeah check
it out look at this we got new merch you
can get your very own blood of Karol
shed for you shirt we got t-shirts
sweatshirts everything else we even got
Mitchell Robbins soup cans shirts look
at all that stuff links in the
description down below you can get all
that garbage thank you for buying shirts
because it supports the channel more
than anything in this world so you know
me I like to start the day off with a
healthy four to six hours of Christian
television and I found a little
advertisement or advertisement for our
British brothers and sisters for what
looks to be the greatest video game of
all time the video I found is called
tornado twins turned bible into video
game and gosh dang it as a romp and a
riot oh by the way I don't know if you
remember many months ago when we shut
down that channel super high for
blatantly stealing everybody's videos
that they were making but the fellas
back at it he's got a new channel called
super h4 h4 and I'm not telling you to
do anything but I'm just saying if you
see stolen content on the Internet
consider reporting it the hell out of
here super high looking out for you
support I'm here to tell you that this
video sponsored by privacy calm / Gus
that's priv I see why not calm / Gus you
want the most secure way to do your
online transactions you get five dollars
by clicking the sign up link for free
look at the description fella we'll hear
more about them later okay but I just
want you to know that their sponsor of
the video God get out here without
further ado I present to you the tornado
twins
the Bible I love - how many times have
you seen a promo start with the phrase
from the twins the expectations are high
alls I'm saying I'm getting these boys a
chance let's see no just hold them pay
for a couple months and then fire up all
right this is the game industry they
have no rights okay right out the gates
here I can tell this commercials gonna
kick ass you know why because they got
their buddies in the commercial one of
my favorite things about like small
commercials or local commercials is they
always use their friends or they always
use their employees and they're always
just terrible nobody can act and doe I'm
excited there's gonna be such a hot dish
of excitement Barbara hold my calls who
do we got next
the tornado Twizzlers it's tomato twins
all right we'll skip the introductions
all right well gave me you're pitching
to me it's a it's a game of the Bible
it's yeah time out okay I could have
sworn you said the Bible he did actually
it's it's a massive game where you play
the stories of the Bible the characters
the battles everything funny okay a bad
idea it's not gonna work all right
you've seen a few seconds you can
already tell the acting is terrible but
despite the horrible performance the guy
is right like that should be the end of
the pitch meeting you can't just walk in
there and sit down and be like hey I'm
here to pitch a game it's about the
Bible dude I'm sorry I just like what do
you expect me to say I nobody wants to
play that game folks 100 years old it's
quite a bit older than that but the
beauty is that's still every year it's
the most popular book in the world
listen the Xbox is okay the Wiis the
GameCubes I'll write the game boys
they're not gonna allow it okay if the
Bible is too risky well I don't remember
the theaters having any problems with
you know The Passion of the Christ Noah
and what are those vegetable movies
called again listen okay that's the
movies you can't make the argument that
because movies like Passion of the
Christ exist that you can make a Jesus
Bible video game and people are gonna
buy it it's so different nobody wants to
play a Bible video game not even
Christian's want to play a Bible video
game why'd you keep that sound and
that's horrible
I've got me right in the gums up a lot
of Christ's coming out my ears oh I got
two words two words never gonna happen
seven years ago we started an in-depth
research to the cultures the timelines
the stories so we look at the Bible
there's incredible amount of stories I
mean it's 66 books of them so we have to
develop them as different games and so
we're here to talk to you about the
first game the game of Babel here's the
thing to look at some of that art like
that looks like really really nice
concept art it looks like they had some
great artists working on that so I am
very excited to see what the game is
going to look like in its final version
in order to do it just as we brought in
some of the top talent and consultants
the guys who worked on Star Wars games
and Assassin's Creed the Lego games
they're trying to pitch the epicness of
this gaming experience so they mention
we brought in guys that worked on Star
Wars games Assassin's Creed games Lego
games I'm not not gonna Lego games those
are dope as hell but I don't really
think of them in an epic scope and
together with them we went onto a
journey to find something unique
gameplay so the first thing we tried was
made the game similar there's Skyrim
where you can okay seven years it took
you boys to make this game seven long
years this game looks like an original
xbox game at best it's hazy as [__] look
at the terrible terrible textures on
this is awful this is awful piece of
work we made this game similar to Skyrim
what a ballsy ass claim so the first
thing we tried was made the game similar
there's Skyrim where you can experience
the game from a first-person perspective
which means the camera is in your head
and you look around in full 3d okay so
you're pitching this Bible video game as
a Kickstarter I don't know if I mention
this this is like a prereq for their
Kickstarter which they announced in this
video you're pitching a Bible video game
presumably to who people that play video
games and in your video game pitch video
you explain to them like they're a child
what a
first person video game is it's like the
camera is in your head with 3d all
around you are you kidding me dude yeah
so we took all that grandiose art for
the first-person experience and turn
that into a side-scrolling platformer
experience and by doing that it really
gave it a new feel and you step bag of
money wow this is this is such an epic
feel you really have something happening
this game I don't need to tell you [__]
looks bad doesn't look good at all looks
so stupid
it looks like a terrible mobile app game
from when the original iPhone came out
this is this is just dumb this looks so
stupid and our game play testers told us
you know this is this is this is great
the the quality is there and then some
stick to the Lego games boys I don't
know what to tell you I would play Lego
the Bible first of all title alone you
got me there's 60 bucks on the table
right now boom I assume for Lego the
Bible that instead of picking up little
studs you'd be picking up little silver
coins that Judas earned when he traded
in Christ's whereabouts for 30 silver
coins
the little split-screen thing would be
like the crown of thorns unraveled
whenever there's two players on screen
dude okay go make Lego the Bible I'll
buy it I'm for your first customer I'm
in line day one you see how David runs
here - dude does he not have shoulder
blades look at that dude are you good
for some lunch
yeah man what do you want like tacos or
something I was thinking maybe curly
fries what do you got
alright I get that this is a minut
detail in the video but I can't just
gloss over the fact that one of the
brothers asks what would you like for
lunch the other response tacos and the
original brother said I didn't know I
was thinking something like curly fries
curly fries I dare you next time you're
hanging out with your friends I dare you
to untie Ron eclis pitch to them just
say hey what are you guys thinking for
supper tonight
yeah how about we just get a big [__]
vat of curly fries oh no not this guy no
you're not okay you're not okay you know
struggling artists the tornado things
it's where are you that's twins
publisher who didn't believe in the game
Bible yeah I believe now what why do
they keep calling it the game Bible the
game Bible is like a Bible about games
it should be the Bible game like a game
about the Bible there's a web site
registered there's a domain name we'd
maybe assume it's called the Bible game
no they call it the game Bible bring me
under your company tornado of Thompson
twins I'll fix this [__] it's so easy
this is day one stuff but you need a
publisher like me to look over you guys
okay okay how about you get off the road
first off the road I'm on the road baby
I'm on the road to success again I love
that in this pitch for the Bible video
game the one game publisher that they're
talking to is like this homeless
crack-addicted manic man who just walks
around in the streets and doesn't know
how to use a desk phone and what did
they say at the beginning this is an
accurate portrayal of our experience in
the games industry oh dude I figure it
out now the crazy dude must be one of
the Rockstar employees that just got out
of a hundred hour a week shift one
finishing read dead - it all makes sense
do a couple designs for you guys tell me
what you think Call of beauty and
gellick warfare look at that turn the
brightness up on the iPad Jesus or print
out a piece of paper maybe I'm looking
at your greasy mugs and the reflection
it what in fact we want to have the
first test levels - you already buy this
December which reminds me he is going to
climb in your chimney at night and put
it on your Christmas tree
what can you imagine like sitting around
the fireplace hearth on a cold Christmas
night just sitting
with the family and this cold greasy
[__] comes sliding down the chimney he
doing to play my game about today Babel
[Music]
[Applause]
I was probably the hardest thing I'll
ever do on this channel
[Music]
do I have a white beard do I have a
white beard is not in the script that
wasn't that wasn't [__] see probably
love you fellas brotherly love need to
raise $380,000 that seems much but it's
actually quite low that does seem much
by crowdsourcing through Kickstarter we
can work with you and thousands of
others to raise this amount now our
funding goal on Kickstarter is set to
only thirty five thousand and that is
the minimum amount we need to finish the
first three episodes oh my god okay I
know I'm not the smartest businessman in
the world but I know a thing or two in
fact I've run two Kickstarter's before
if you're asking for $35,000 on
Kickstarter but you need eleven hundred
percent more of that money to make the
game why are you asking for such a
fraction of what you need ask for what
you need to make the thing work ask for
what you need to make the thing work if
you don't know how Kickstarter works
exactly check this short video on the
page I love that in their Kickstarter
pitch they are willing to tell you how a
first-person game works but they won't
even take ten seconds to be like yeah
here's how Kickstarter works so are you
ready to help us out on this project it
is time that the world's most popular
stories get turned into video games
[Music]
so that's the video now let's go check
out their website these these brothers
are just so interesting and weird like I
clicked on their channel to see what
else they do they have a side business
where they make Christmas dubstep music
yep you heard me right let's hear a
little of the tornado twins spin their
hot track Christmas dubstep HD
[Music]
regardless of if you believe you cannot
tell me that most Christian
entertainment is objectively good
Christian TV shows and movies and God
forbid video games are usually so shitty
they're just so terrible and if you are
an aspiring game developer out there who
is looking to make a successful
Christian video game I'll save you the
time this is not me talking this is
everybody talking no one wants to buy
your Christian video game there's no
market for it okay there's no market I
promise if you buy one of my shirts that
you'll get into heaven and if you buy
two you'll get into ultra heaven that
that's better
hey sport it's me your cooler older
brother and I got a life lesson for you
guy now listen just me and you brother
to brother I gotta tell you something
really important privacy calm is the
first online payment product that keeps
your personal information private while
being even more convenient than using a
regular credit card online okay what you
do is you can set up an account for
yourself online and all your data secure
but all your data is secure
whenever you go make a purchase at a
different website privacy uses different
card information for it so that you know
that no matter what happens even if you
get hacked even some bad guys mean guys
with tornados come into your house and
and try to hack you then your stuff will
be safe because it's
not linked to your actual credit card
account okay now listen here buckaroo
this is potentially one of the most
important things I'm gonna tell you and
your young developing life it's a
hundred percent free to use okay it's
free you don't have to pay anything you
just go in the description right now
privacy that comes lash Gus that's PR
IVAC why not come flush guys okay okay
I'm just like credit cards they make
their money for merchants so they're not
gonna sell you short they're not gonna
sell your information to vendors and bad
people out there it's privacy it's safe
look out for you guys Bing look little
hot stuff that's so easy to use it's
just a couple clicks you go put in your
banking information pretty soon you can
set up for your own privacy card just
for you you can set monthly spending
limits and all sorts of different
features on the website which is so easy
to use easier than drugs which I hope
you're not doing you're just a kid
hey listen sport I care about you I love
you and privacy not calm slash Gus loves
you too and they love me that's why they
sponsored this video so don't let your
mom down anymore you stay in school you
go to the link in the description right
now Gore PRI BAC why not complex
constants privacy our cops us gods
please go down there turn your life
around and if you go sign up with that
link down below you can just get five
dollars it's just five dollars it's not
even some dumbass coupon you just give
five bucks so click on it I care about
you what is this is this you is this
yours
I can't reach it what is this I don't
want to be seeing these in your own
fella I care about you dammit your girl
the same route as dad where is your
closest class okay [__] girl
[Music]
[Applause]